Update README.md (#56)
pyspextool/pyspextool: README.md

# pySpextool
Python code to reduce data obtained with the SpeX spectrograph

# Installation

> The calibration files stored in the `instruments/` directory 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The calibration files stored in the `data/` and `instruments/` directories
```

Reviewer 2: I am fine with this.  Except to note that currently the instruments/ directory is called instruments_data/.  I think it naturally is better called instruments/ as it contains data and code.  I was going to ask to change it in the future (I think @kelle changed it to instruments_data/ at some point in the past) but just hadn't gotten around to it.  Just making sure that it is ok for the README file to not have the exact name correct.

Reviewer: I think it's fine for the README to not be perfectly accurate at this point. The point here is just to motivate the need to install `git_lfs`

are stored using
[Github Large File Storage](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/managing-large-files). Please [install git-lfs](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/managing-large-files/installing-git-large-file-storage) before cloning this repository.

## Instructions

> * clone the respository to your local computer
> >> git clone https://github.com/pyspextool/pyspextool.git
> * cd into pyspextool and install with pip/setuptools
> >> python3 -m pip install -e .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For Users**
>> pip install pyspextool@git+https://github.com/pyspextool/pyspextool.git

** For Developers**
* Ensure you are in a Python 3.9 environment and the packages listed in `[requirements.txt](https://github.com/pyspextool/pyspextool/blob/main/requirements.txt)` file are installed.
* clone the repository to your local computer
>> git clone https://github.com/pyspextool/pyspextool.git
* cd into pyspextool and install with pip/setuptools
>> cd pyspextool
>> pip install -e ./
```
